All right, so continuing on, working on getting to our metric prefixes, so the first one over here,
we have Negga and Negga is referring to one million and that's what the metric prefix actually means.
And then we have Chelo, which is referring to a thousand.
So if I have one kilometre, how many meters is equal to once again we have one kilo meter.
So it's basically referring to one thousand meters.
That's all that really means.
Then we have another metric prefix called the Santae and where the actually heard use before.
Maybe you might be thinking, hey Noah, I know that 100 cents are in one dollar or there are a hundred
years in one century.
So a cent is actually just referring to a hundredth.
So if we have one meter, how many centimeters is that?
Oh, that's a hundred centimeters.
Now, if you're looking at a meter stick, you actually do have all those tick marks.
I bet you if you were to count up all the centimeters, well, how many centimeters do you think that
actually would be on the meter?
Hopefully you're saying to yourself right now that there's 100 of them.
Same thing with the.
Mm mm.
Is referring to 1000.
And how many millimeters are there in one meter.
One thousand.
And then we have micro as well.
We're not really going to be going into micro possibly.
If we start to discuss waves we'll start to discuss the wave length.
But as of right now, these are just the odd metric prefixes that we're going to be referring to.
So I just want to really clarify it just because I'm talking about the meter.
Here, this actually also does apply to the pharmacist referring to, yeah, the kilogramme, so we
have a thousand grams is equal to one kilogram and same thing with the leaders we actually have a thousand
milliliters is equal to one leader.
So just keep in mind that this actually does apply to the gram as well as leaders.
And just to wrap this up, one more question I have to ask you.
Is this so for the kilometre?
Would you say that there's a difference between the kilometre and a kilometer?
I'm sure that you've actually heard those two different pronunciations, at least here in the United
States, you have and once again, is there a difference between the kilometre and a kilometer?
And the answer to that is no.
It's just a difference in pronunciation.
You have that chelo meter and kill it to just two different ways to pronounce the kilometre.
Those are essentially the same exact thing now.